feat: add `SKIP_WORKFLOW_DURATION_ESTIMATION` env var. Fixes #7271 (#13745)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/environment-variables.md

| `WORKFLOW_GC_PERIOD`                     | `time.Duration`     | `5m`                                                                                        | The periodicity for GC of workflows.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `SEMAPHORE_NOTIFY_DELAY`                 | `time.Duration`     | `1s`                                                                                        | Tuning Delay when notifying semaphore waiters about availability in the semaphore                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `WATCH_CONTROLLER_SEMAPHORE_CONFIGMAPS` | `bool` | `true` | Whether to watch the Controller's ConfigMap and semaphore ConfigMaps for run-time changes. When disabled, the Controller will only read these ConfigMaps once and will have to be manually restarted to pick up new changes. |

> | `SKIP_WORKFLOW_DURATION_ESTIMATION` | `bool` | `false` | Whether to lookup resource usage from prior workflows as a basis for estimating resource usage on a new workflow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SKIP_WORKFLOW_DURATION_ESTIMATION` | `bool` | `false` | Whether to lookup resource usage from prior workflows to estimate usage for new workflows. |
```

- simplify, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language)
- pluralize as it's for all new workflows
